tt0032138_shot_0395_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Frank Morgan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0032138_shot_0395_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Eric Schniewind?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0035423_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Hugh Jackman?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0035423_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Lizzie Hopley?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0038650_shot_0737_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called James Stewart?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0038650_shot_0737_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Phil Selway?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0047396_shot_0333_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named James Stewart?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0047396_shot_0333_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ron Blair?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0048545_shot_0124_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Natalie Wood?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0048545_shot_0124_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rebecca Jackson Mendoza?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0049470_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called James Stewart?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0049470_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Matt Pashkow?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0049730_shot_0273_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Vera Miles?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0049730_shot_0273_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Addie Yungmee?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0052357_shot_0511_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kim Novak?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0052357_shot_0511_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Abigail Van Alyn?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0053221_shot_0197_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named John Wayne?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0053221_shot_0197_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Claude-Oliver Rudolph?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0054167_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Anna Massey?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0054167_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Eddie Tagoe?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0056869_shot_0320_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Tippi Hedren?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0056869_shot_0320_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Denise Mack?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0056923_shot_0835_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Audrey Hepburn?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0056923_shot_0835_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Chris April?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0057115_shot_0686_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named James Garner?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0057115_shot_0686_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Chutimon Chuengcharoensukying?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0058331_shot_0353_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Julie Andrews?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0058331_shot_0353_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ed Geldart?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0058461_shot_0901_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Gian Maria Volontè?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0058461_shot_0901_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jennifer Connelly?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0061418_shot_0148_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Faye Dunaway?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0061418_shot_0148_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Warona Seane?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0061722_shot_0259_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Dustin Hoffman?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0061722_shot_0259_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Christopher Olsen?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0062622_shot_0291_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Keir Dullea?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0062622_shot_0291_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Frank Albanese?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0063442_shot_0702_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Linda Harrison?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0063442_shot_0702_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Michael McKean?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0064115_shot_0367_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Robert Redford?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0064115_shot_0367_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Cooper Murray?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0064665_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jon Voight?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0064665_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Harvey Meyer?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0065214_shot_0366_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Robert Ryan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0065214_shot_0366_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Victor Verhaeghe?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0065724_shot_0320_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Karen Black?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0065724_shot_0320_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Nick Discenza?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0066026_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Donald Sutherland?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0066026_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Wollet?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0066921_shot_0631_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Malcolm McDowell?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0066921_shot_0631_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Darling Légitimus?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0067116_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Gene Hackman?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0067116_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Russell G. Jones?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0068646_shot_0166_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Marlon Brando?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0068646_shot_0166_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Voltaire Sterling?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0069762_shot_0723_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Sissy Spacek?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0069762_shot_0723_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Monica Giordano?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0070047_shot_0255_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ellen Burstyn?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0070047_shot_0255_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Shawnee Smith?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0070379_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Richard Romanus?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0070379_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Valerie Colgan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0070511_shot_0639_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Dustin Hoffman?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0070511_shot_0639_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Fernando Lueches?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0070735_shot_0818_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Robert Redford?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0070735_shot_0818_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Ellin Dennis?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0070849_shot_0021_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Maria Schneider?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0070849_shot_0021_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Mary Kellogg?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0071315_shot_0153_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Faye Dunaway?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0071315_shot_0153_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kelly Hitman?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0071562_shot_0684_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Al Pacino?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0071562_shot_0684_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Debie Jarczewski?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0072684_shot_0512_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Marisa Berenson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0072684_shot_0512_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Graham Bohea?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0073195_shot_0280_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Roy Scheider?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0073195_shot_0280_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Abdul Qadir Farookh?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0073629_shot_0700_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Barry Bostwick?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0073629_shot_0700_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Johnny Galecki?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0074119_shot_0814_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert Redford?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0074119_shot_0814_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Delroy Lindo?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0074285_shot_0535_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named William Katt?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0074285_shot_0535_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Stephen Rider?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0075148_shot_0618_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sylvester Stallone?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0075148_shot_0618_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Eric Hatch?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0075686_shot_0373_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Woody Allen?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0075686_shot_0373_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Penny Wallace?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0076729_shot_0451_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sally Field?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0076729_shot_0451_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Giorgio Libassi?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0076759_shot_0930_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Harrison Ford?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0076759_shot_0930_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ryoko Sadoshima?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0077402_shot_1220_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Scott H. Reiniger?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0077402_shot_1220_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Chris Delaney?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0077405_shot_0150_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Sam Shepard?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0077405_shot_0150_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bijou Phillips?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0077416_shot_1442_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Robert De Niro?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0077416_shot_1442_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Stu Smith?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0077651_shot_0133_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jamie Lee Curtis?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0077651_shot_0133_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Paris Arrowsmith?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0078788_shot_1434_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Martin Sheen?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0078788_shot_1434_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Le Capriccio Français?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0078841_shot_0692_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Shirley MacLaine?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0078841_shot_0692_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Tomas Choy?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0079417_shot_0735_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Meryl Streep?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0079417_shot_0735_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ross Lacy?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0079470_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Eric Idle?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0079470_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Quincy Taylor?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0079945_shot_1411_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Persis Khambatta?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0079945_shot_1411_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Alison Waddell?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0080339_shot_0711_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Robert Hays?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0080339_shot_0711_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Grace Sullivan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0080684_shot_1574_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Mark Hamill?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0080684_shot_1574_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rodion Salnikov?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0081505_shot_0449_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Shelley Duvall?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0081505_shot_0449_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Antony Carrick?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0082089_shot_0046_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kathleen Turner?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0082089_shot_0046_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Aaron Henderson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0082198_shot_1353_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0082198_shot_1353_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tim Herlihy?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0082971_shot_0831_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Harrison Ford?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0082971_shot_0831_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Richard Angarola?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0083658_shot_0963_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Rutger Hauer?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0083658_shot_0963_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Stéphane Julien?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0083866_shot_0364_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert MacNaughton?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0083866_shot_0364_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Seam Turay?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0083907_shot_0633_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bruce Campbell?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0083907_shot_0633_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kaden Leos?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0083929_shot_0405_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jennifer Jason Leigh?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0083929_shot_0405_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Eric D. Sandgren?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0084726_shot_0283_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Leonard Nimoy?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0084726_shot_0283_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named John Cusack?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0086190_shot_0815_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Carrie Fisher?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0086190_shot_0815_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ernie Adams?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0086250_shot_1079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Steven Bauer?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0086250_shot_1079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Bill Nunn?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0086856_shot_0929_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Peter Weller?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0086856_shot_0929_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Tracee Cocco?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0086879_shot_0158_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Elizabeth Berridge?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0086879_shot_0158_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Ralph Ineson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0087332_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Bill Murray?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0087332_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jiao Xu?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0087469_shot_0049_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Harrison Ford?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0087469_shot_0049_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Paulo Benedeti?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0088847_shot_0109_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Anthony Michael Hall?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0088847_shot_0109_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Luis Javier?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0088944_shot_0634_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0088944_shot_0634_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Shaine Jones?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0088993_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called George A. Romero?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0088993_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called James Eckhouse?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0089218_shot_0327_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Sean Astin?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0089218_shot_0327_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Dan Hunter?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0089881_shot_0034_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Tatsuya Nakadai?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0089881_shot_0034_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Nancy Vee?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0090022_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Scott Glenn?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0090022_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert Ryan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0090605_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Sigourney Weaver?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0090605_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Lia Beldam?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0090756_shot_0135_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Laura Dern?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0090756_shot_0135_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Keith Frost?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0091042_shot_0098_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Matthew Broderick?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0091042_shot_0098_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Mina E. Mina?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0091738_shot_0073_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kathleen Turner?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0091738_shot_0073_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Pat Kiernan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0091867_shot_0422_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Simon Callow?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0091867_shot_0422_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Rusty Goffe?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0092099_shot_0455_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Tom Cruise?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0092099_shot_0455_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Carol Krolick?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0092699_shot_0208_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called William Hurt?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0092699_shot_0208_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Hildur Ruriks?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0093565_shot_0409_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Cher?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0093565_shot_0409_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Mark Brady?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0093748_shot_0346_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called John Candy?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0093748_shot_0346_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sarah Heller?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0093773_shot_0212_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Jesse Ventura?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0093773_shot_0212_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Akio Mitamura?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0093779_shot_1047_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Peter Falk?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0093779_shot_1047_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Lisa Ann Walter?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0094226_shot_0237_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kevin Costner?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0094226_shot_0237_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Colin Hill?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0094737_shot_0567_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Tom Hanks?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0094737_shot_0567_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Chris McHallem?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0095016_shot_1170_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Paul Gleason?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0095016_shot_1170_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Carl Palmer?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0095250_shot_0509_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jean Reno?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0095250_shot_0509_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ralph Meyering Jr.?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0095765_shot_0008_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Antonella Attili?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0095765_shot_0008_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Amber Estrada?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0095953_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tom Cruise?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0095953_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Lara Mulcahy?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0096320_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Arnold Schwarzenegger?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0096320_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Dan Duran?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0096754_shot_0570_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Todd Graff?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0096754_shot_0570_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Guy Carleton?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0096874_shot_0647_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael J. Fox?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0096874_shot_0647_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Momoko Komatsu?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0096895_shot_0819_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Keaton?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0096895_shot_0819_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Ben Foster?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0097216_shot_0381_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Danny Aiello?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0097216_shot_0381_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Taissa Farmiga?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0097428_shot_0106_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bill Murray?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0097428_shot_0106_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael Fawcett?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0097576_shot_1010_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Harrison Ford?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0097576_shot_1010_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named M. Emmet Walsh?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0098635_shot_0556_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Meg Ryan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0098635_shot_0556_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Tom Branch?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0098724_shot_0474_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Andie MacDowell?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0098724_shot_0474_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Linda Taylor?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0099423_shot_1010_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Bruce Willis?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0099423_shot_1010_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Trevor Eve?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0099487_shot_0123_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Johnny Depp?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0099487_shot_0123_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Farrah Forke?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0099674_shot_1356_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Al Pacino?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0099674_shot_1356_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Nick Porrazzo?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0099685_shot_1132_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ray Liotta?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0099685_shot_1132_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Chick Allan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0099810_shot_0285_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Alec Baldwin?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0099810_shot_0285_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jennifer Anglin?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0100157_shot_0365_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named James Caan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0100157_shot_0365_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bryan Johnson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0100403_shot_0517_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Gary Busey?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0100403_shot_0517_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Alfred Tiaki Hotu?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0100405_shot_0786_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jason Alexander?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0100405_shot_0786_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Alexandra Bastedo?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0101410_shot_0105_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named John Turturro?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0101410_shot_0105_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named David Gore?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0102492_shot_0086_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jamie Lee Curtis?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0102492_shot_0086_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Heidi Fischer?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0103064_shot_1206_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0103064_shot_1206_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Gigi Lee?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0103064_shot_2602_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0103064_shot_2602_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Candice Azzara?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0103776_shot_0719_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Keaton?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0103776_shot_0719_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Nicholas Rice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0104036_shot_0336_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Stephen Rea?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0104036_shot_0336_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Mimi Lizio?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0104257_shot_0477_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Jack Nicholson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0104257_shot_0477_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Emma Julia Jacobs?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0104348_shot_0340_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Ed Harris?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0104348_shot_0340_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Carla Lizzette Mejia?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0105236_shot_0193_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Harvey Keitel?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0105236_shot_0193_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Terence Yin?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0105665_shot_0351_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kyle MacLachlan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0105665_shot_0351_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Julia Hsu?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0105695_shot_1436_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jaimz Woolvett?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0105695_shot_1436_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Hermione Baddeley?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0106977_shot_1604_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tommy Lee Jones?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0106977_shot_1604_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Honey Chhaya?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0107614_shot_0116_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Sally Field?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0107614_shot_0116_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Arthur Senzy?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0108399_shot_0778_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Christopher Walken?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0108399_shot_0778_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Fiona Sit?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0109831_shot_0298_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Hugh Grant?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0109831_shot_0298_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Renée Zellweger?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0111280_shot_0258_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Gates McFadden?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0111280_shot_0258_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael Angarano?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0111280_shot_1479_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called William Shatner?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0111280_shot_1479_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Richard Rohrbough?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0112384_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Kathleen Quinlan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0112384_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Veronica Diaz Carranza?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0112641_shot_0412_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert De Niro?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0112641_shot_0412_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Pierre Malherbe?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0112740_shot_1056_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Denzel Washington?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0112740_shot_1056_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Bill Pullman?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0113101_shot_0547_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tim Roth?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0113101_shot_0547_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Honey Chhaya?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0114369_shot_1138_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Brad Pitt?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0114369_shot_1138_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Benjamin Nitze?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0114388_shot_0162_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Emma Thompson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0114388_shot_0162_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Francis P. Hughes?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0114388_shot_1207_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Hugh Grant?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0114388_shot_1207_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Zach Hopkins?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0115798_shot_0844_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Jim Carrey?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0115798_shot_0844_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Renee Herlocker?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0116367_shot_0755_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named George Clooney?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0116367_shot_0755_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ben Crowley?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0116629_shot_1570_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Will Smith?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0116629_shot_1570_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called E. Katherine Kerr?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0116695_shot_0343_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tom Cruise?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0116695_shot_0343_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Billy Dee?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0117060_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Tom Cruise?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0117060_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Carrie Lazar?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0117060_shot_1401_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jean Reno?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0117060_shot_1401_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jill Teed?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0117381_shot_0798_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Edward Norton?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0117381_shot_0798_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Tezla?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0117500_shot_2467_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ed Harris?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0117500_shot_2467_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Paul J.Q. Lee?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0117509_shot_0041_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Paul Rudd?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0117509_shot_0041_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Max Martini?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0117571_shot_0475_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Neve Campbell?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0117571_shot_0475_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Frank Hoyt Taylor?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0117731_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Patrick Stewart?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0117731_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Debra Montague?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0117731_shot_1067_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Patrick Stewart?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0117731_shot_1067_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jenny Wilson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118548_shot_1296_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Clint Eastwood?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118548_shot_1296_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kate Winslet?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118571_shot_0627_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Glenn Close?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118571_shot_0627_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Arlene Farber?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118636_shot_0007_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Brad Renfro?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118636_shot_0007_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Sandra Park?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118636_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Brad Renfro?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118636_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Karen Strassman?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118655_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Robert Wagner?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118655_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Arthur Birnbaum?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118655_shot_1152_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Seth Green?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118655_shot_1152_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sue Doucette?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118689_shot_0706_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rowan Atkinson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118689_shot_0706_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Hugo Perez?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118689_shot_0969_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rowan Atkinson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118689_shot_0969_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jack Shields?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118715_shot_0079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jeff Bridges?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118715_shot_0079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Scott Adkins?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118749_shot_0795_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called John C. Reilly?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118749_shot_0795_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Chris Lowell?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118883_shot_0691_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Julia Roberts?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118883_shot_0691_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Roger Bart?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0118971_shot_0679_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Charlize Theron?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0118971_shot_0679_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Young-min Kim?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0119008_shot_0979_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Al Pacino?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0119008_shot_0979_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Neil Tweddle?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0119094_shot_0446_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Nicolas Cage?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0119094_shot_0446_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Juan Gabriel Pareja?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0119116_shot_0721_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Bruce Willis?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0119116_shot_0721_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Troye Sivan?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0119174_shot_0439_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael Douglas?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0119174_shot_0439_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Carola McGuinness?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0119314_shot_0572_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Scarlett Johansson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0119314_shot_0572_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Daisy Beaumont?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0119528_shot_0171_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jim Carrey?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0119528_shot_0171_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Eliot Paton?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0119528_shot_0761_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jim Carrey?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0119528_shot_0761_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jari Kinnunen?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0119643_shot_0330_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Brad Pitt?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0119643_shot_0330_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Anthony Hopkins?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0119738_shot_0201_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Christopher Masterson?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0119738_shot_0201_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Edwin Craig?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0119822_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Greg Kinnear?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0119822_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Aleksandr Dubina?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0120338_shot_0444_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kate Winslet?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0120338_shot_0444_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Donald Gibb?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
tt0120338_shot_1130_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Leonardo DiCaprio?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
tt0120338_shot_1130_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Anne Betancourt?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
